Add documentation for external RDS database (#298)
cloudfoundry/cf-for-k8s: docs/platform_operators/external-databases.md

    cat > "$TMPDIR/setup_db.sql" <<EOT
    CREATE DATABASE ${CCDB_NAME};
    CREATE ROLE ${CCDB_USERNAME} LOGIN PASSWORD '${CCDB_PASSWORD}';
    CREATE DATABASE ${UAADB_NAME};
    CREATE ROLE ${UAADB_USERNAME} LOGIN PASSWORD '${UAADB_PASSWORD}';
    EOT
    psql -U postgres -f "$TMPDIR/setup_db.sql"
    psql -U postgres -d "${CCDB_NAME}" -c "CREATE EXTENSION citext"
    psql -U postgres -d "${UAADB_NAME}" -c "CREATE EXTENSION citext"
    ```
    To use the Golang [yq](https://github.com/mikefarah/yq) utility, use these assignments.
    ```
    ```bash
    CCDB_USERNAME=$(yq read "$DB_VALUES_FILE" 'capi.database.user')
    CCDB_PASSWORD=$(yq read "$DB_VALUES_FILE" 'capi.database.password')
    CCDB_NAME=$(yq read "$DB_VALUES_FILE" 'capi.database.name')
    UAADB_USERNAME=$(yq read "$DB_VALUES_FILE" 'uaa.database.user')
    UAADB_PASSWORD=$(yq read "$DB_VALUES_FILE" 'uaa.database.password')
    UAADB_NAME=$(yq read "$DB_VALUES_FILE" 'uaa.database.name')
    ...
    ```

## Installation of an internal database

If both, capi and uaa, are configured to use an external database, no internal database will be deployed.

## Example with external RDS database

> In the following section, an external database is created using the bitnami postgresql helm chart. Please note that this setup is **not suitable for production environments**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following section, we will show how to setup an AWS RDS database and configure it as the datebase to be used for Cloud Controller and UAA. Please note that the values passed for RDS creation are **not suitable for production environments**.
```

    To use the Golang [yq](https://github.com/mikefarah/yq) utility, use these assignments.
    ```
    ```bash

>     CCDB_USERNAME=$(yq read db-values.yml 'capi.database.user')

Reviewer 2: how about using `"$DB_VALUES_FILE"` so that it can be set in a single place?

Reviewer 3: OK

        --db-instance-identifier cf-for-k8s \
        --allocated-storage 20 \
        --db-instance-class db.t2.micro \
        --db-subnet-group default \
        --master-username postgres \
        --master-user-password "$PGPASSWORD" \
        --backup-retention-period 7 \
        --publicly-accessible
    ```

1. Wait until RDS database is ready

    ```bash
    aws rds wait db-instance-available --db-instance-identifier cf-for-k8s
    ```

1. Extract database hostname

    ```bash
    aws rds describe-db-instances --db-instance-identifier cf-for-k8s | jq -r '.DBInstances[0].Endpoint.Address'
    ```

1. Create configuration file `db-values.yml`. Please replace the `host`, `password` and `ca_cert` in this file accordingly. You can download the certificate from [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/UsingWithRDS.SSL.html)

    ```yaml
    #@data/values
    ---
    capi:
      database:
        adapter: postgres
        host: cf-for-k8s.c4pknugnyzdd.eu-central-1.rds.amazonaws.com
        port: 5432
        user: capi_user
        password: <password for capi_user>
        name: capi_db
        ca_cert: |
          -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----

>           MIIEBjCCAu6gAwIBAgIJAMc0ZzaSUK51MA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMIGPMQswCQYD

Reviewer 2: is there value in including this full example cert? If not, I'd maybe replace the full thing with just `...` to shorten and simplify documentation

Reviewer 3: OK

1. [Install cf-for-k8s](../deploy.md)

    i. Configure your [`cf-values.yml`](../deploy.md#cf-values) file

>     i. Render the final K8s template to raw K8s configuration. Pass the `db-values.yml` file as additional file to `ytt`

Reviewer 2: > Render the final K8s template to raw K8s configuration

Could you please rephrase this? Maybe instead of "raw K8s configuration" I'm more used to hearing "raw K8s yaml" ?

Reviewer 3: OK

    ```bash

>     ytt -f config -f /tmp/cf-values.yml -f db-values.yml > /tmp/cf-for-k8s-rendered.yml

Reviewer 2: Again to make doc maintenance easier (and maybe to improve user experience), I'd prefer using variables for ${TMP_DIR} and maybe `/tmp/cf-values.yml` and `/tmp/cf-for-k8s-rendered.yml` as well

Reviewer 3: OK
